.\"
.\"  `gdr.1'.
.\" 
.\"  This file is the short manual page for the GNU dr.
.\"
.\"  Copyright (C) 2008  Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (contact@efxa.org)
.\"
.\"  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH GDR "1" "October 2008" "gdr 1.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
gdr \- birthdays and celebrations reminder.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gdr
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \-f \fIFILE\fR \-c \fIFILE\fR 

.SH DESCRIPTION
The GNU dr reminds you about birthdays and celebrations according to the
data of the input files. By default, GNU dr works with the system's date.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d \fIDATE\fR\fR
Work with the \fIDATE\fR (dd/mm).
.TP
\fB\-f \fIFILE\fR\fR
The friends list \fIFILE\fR.
.TP
\fB\-c \fIFILE\fR\fR
The celebrations list \fIFILE\fR.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR
Explain what is being done.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Display a short help and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Print version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
Print author information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR
Print the short version of GNU/GPL and exit.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
The behavior of \fBgdr\fR is affected by the following environment variables.
.TP
.B GDR_DATE
Specifies the date (dd/mm).

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Normally, exit status is 0. But, if an error occurred then exit status is 1.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Email bug reports to <bug\-gnu\-dr@gnu.org>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2008  Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (contact@efxa.org)

This is free software. You may redistribute copies of it under the terms
of the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B gdr
is maintained as a Texinfo manual. If the
.B info
and
.B gdr
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info gdr
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
